README.md, before:

# README #
*Insert short description of the application here.*

## Security ##
Always keep following security rules in mind when using credentials (apiKeys, passwords, tenantId's, secrets, ...). By asking and using Digipolis credentials you agree to and respect these security rules. Share there rules among all developers.

Direct all your security questions and problems to security [dot] office [at] digipolis [dot] gent

### Do's ### 
* Always store credentials in environment variables
* If not possible check if alternatives exist for your technology
* Share credentials using point-to-point communication (email, im, ...) (not: ticketing systems, group chats, ...)
* Avoid sharing credentials after initial exchange
### Don'ts ### 
* Don't hard code credentials
* Don't communicate credentials with clients (client side storage, client side code, ...)
* Don't store credentials in public or private repositories (Github, Bitbucket, ...)
* Don't store credentials in documentation (Confluence, Jira, ...)

## Source code ##
* Add all source code to the [src](./src) folder.

## API Contract ##
* [OpenAPI & asyncAPI](./openapi/README.md)

## Running locally ##
Read the [documentation](./dev-utils/README.md) provided in the dev-utils folder to build and run the application locally.

## Testing the application ##
We run integration tests on our applications in CICD using the [Karate framework](https://github.com/intuit/karate). See the [testing documentation](./karate/README.md) on how to run the tests locally and more information. 

## Build environment variables ##
Here you will find all environment variables used in an s2i build to docker or openshift. Feed these envars to your local s2i build or openshift build config.

Envar | Required | Default | Description
:---|:---:|:---:|:---
MAVEN_ARGS | if maven build | see openshift configmap | The Maven arguments used in a s2i build
ARTIFACT_DIR | if maven build | target | The artifact dir that s2i get its compiled binary's from
NEXUS_PASSWORD | if using digipolis nexus | in openshift secret | Pasword to connect to the Digipolis Nexus
NEXUS_USER | if using digipolis nexus | in openshift secret | User to connect to the Digipolis Nexus

## Deployment environment variables ##
Here you will find all environment variables used to deploy the application to docker or openshift. Feed these envars to your local deployment or openshift deployment config.

#### component-1 ####
Envar | Required | Default | Description
:---|:---:|:---:|:---
1 | **yes** | default | 2
2 | no | no-default | 3

#### component-2 ####
Envar | Required | Default | Description
:---|:---:|:---:|:---
1 | **yes** | default | 2
2 | no | no-default | 3

#### List of required envars ####
##### Database #####
* DB_USER (Secret)
* DB_PASSWORD (Secret)
* DB_HOST
* DB_PORT
* DB_PROTOCOL
* DB_DRIVER
* DB_CONNECTION_STRING

##### Event broker #####
* AMQ_USER/AMQ_USER_XXX (Secret)
* AMQ_PASSWORD/AMQ_PASSWORD_XXX (Secret)
* AMQ_HOST
* AMQ_PORT
* AMQ_PROTOCOL
* AMQ_DRIVER
* AMQ_QUEUE_PREFIX
* AMQ_DLQ
* AMQ_EVENT_XXX
* AMQ_QUEUE_XXX
* AMQ_TOPIC_XXX
* AMQ_POOL

##### Application specifics #####
* APP_ENVIRONMENT
* APP_LOG_LEVEL
* APP_MOCKING
* APP_SERVE_SWAGGER
* APP_SERVE_ASYNCAPI
* APP_PORT
* APP_SCHEME
* APP_NAMESPACE_PREFIX
* APP_VERSION*

##### Healthcheck speficis #####
* HEALTH_MAX_QUEUE_SIZES_XXX
* HEALTH_MAX_REPOSITORY_ENTRIES_XXX

##### About application info #####
* INFO_ID
* INFO_NAME
* INFO_DESCRIPTION
* INFO_PROTOCOL
* INFO_OWNERS
* INFO_VERSION
* INFO_HOST
* INFO_PROJECT_REPO
* INFO_PROJECT_HOME

##### For connections with other API's #####
* API_KEY_XXX (S)
* API_URL_XXX

## CICD ##
Mainly [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io/) in combination with [Openshift Container Platform](https://www.openshift.com/) and other cloud based platforms are used for builds and deployments onto the Digipolis Service Factory.

See the [Jenkinsfile](./Jenkinsfile) to define the CICD pipiline. 

See the [openshift](./openshift/README.md) folder to define the Openshift configuration. 

## Issues ##
Log and track issues in our [Jira](https://digipolisgent.atlassian.net/)

### Architecture ###
*Insert Architecture Design here.*

## API Documentation ##
* [Digipolis API Guidelines](https://github.com/digipolisgent/api-guidelines)
* [Service Factory Confluence](https://digipolisgent.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SF/overview)
* [Developer Portal DV](https://developerdv.gent.be/)
* [Developer Portal DV](https://developerqa.gent.be/)
* [Developer Portal DV](https://developer.gent.be/)

## Documentation Version ##
Version | Date | Description | Author
:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
0.1 | 2020/02/05 | Initial documentation | Digipolis

Commit message:

Added self-link to documentation

README.md, after:

# README #
*Insert short description of the application here.*

## Security ##
Always keep following security rules in mind when using credentials (apiKeys, passwords, tenantId's, secrets, ...). By asking and using Digipolis credentials you agree to and respect these security rules. Share there rules among all developers.

Direct all your security questions and problems to security [dot] office [at] digipolis [dot] gent

### Do's ### 
* Always store credentials in environment variables
* If not possible check if alternatives exist for your technology
* Share credentials using point-to-point communication (email, im, ...) (not: ticketing systems, group chats, ...)
* Avoid sharing credentials after initial exchange
### Don'ts ### 
* Don't hard code credentials
* Don't communicate credentials with clients (client side storage, client side code, ...)
* Don't store credentials in public or private repositories (Github, Bitbucket, ...)
* Don't store credentials in documentation (Confluence, Jira, ...)

## Source code ##
* Add all source code to the [src](./src) folder.

## API Contract ##
* [OpenAPI & asyncAPI](./openapi/README.md)

## Running locally ##
Read the [documentation](./dev-utils/README.md) provided in the dev-utils folder to build and run the application locally.

## Testing the application ##
We run integration tests on our applications in CICD using the [Karate framework](https://github.com/intuit/karate). See the [testing documentation](./karate/README.md) on how to run the tests locally and more information. 

## Build environment variables ##
Here you will find all environment variables used in an s2i build to docker or openshift. Feed these envars to your local s2i build or openshift build config.

Envar | Required | Default | Description
:---|:---:|:---:|:---
MAVEN_ARGS | if maven build | see openshift configmap | The Maven arguments used in a s2i build
ARTIFACT_DIR | if maven build | target | The artifact dir that s2i get its compiled binary's from
NEXUS_PASSWORD | if using digipolis nexus | in openshift secret | Pasword to connect to the Digipolis Nexus
NEXUS_USER | if using digipolis nexus | in openshift secret | User to connect to the Digipolis Nexus

## Deployment environment variables ##
Here you will find all environment variables used to deploy the application to docker or openshift. Feed these envars to your local deployment or openshift deployment config.

#### component-1 ####
Envar | Required | Default | Description
:---|:---:|:---:|:---
1 | **yes** | default | 2
2 | no | no-default | 3

#### component-2 ####
Envar | Required | Default | Description
:---|:---:|:---:|:---
1 | **yes** | default | 2
2 | no | no-default | 3

#### List of required envars ####
##### Database #####
* DB_USER (Secret)
* DB_PASSWORD (Secret)
* DB_HOST
* DB_PORT
* DB_PROTOCOL
* DB_DRIVER
* DB_CONNECTION_STRING

##### Event broker #####
* AMQ_USER/AMQ_USER_XXX (Secret)
* AMQ_PASSWORD/AMQ_PASSWORD_XXX (Secret)
* AMQ_HOST
* AMQ_PORT
* AMQ_PROTOCOL
* AMQ_DRIVER
* AMQ_QUEUE_PREFIX
* AMQ_DLQ
* AMQ_EVENT_XXX
* AMQ_QUEUE_XXX
* AMQ_TOPIC_XXX
* AMQ_POOL

##### Application specifics #####
* APP_ENVIRONMENT
* APP_LOG_LEVEL
* APP_MOCKING
* APP_SERVE_SWAGGER
* APP_SERVE_ASYNCAPI
* APP_PORT
* APP_SCHEME
* APP_NAMESPACE_PREFIX
* APP_VERSION*

##### Healthcheck speficis #####
* HEALTH_MAX_QUEUE_SIZES_XXX
* HEALTH_MAX_REPOSITORY_ENTRIES_XXX

##### About application info #####
* INFO_ID
* INFO_NAME
* INFO_DESCRIPTION
* INFO_PROTOCOL
* INFO_OWNERS
* INFO_VERSION
* INFO_HOST
* INFO_PROJECT_REPO
* INFO_PROJECT_HOME

##### For connections with other API's #####
* API_KEY_XXX (S)
* API_URL_XXX

## CICD ##
Mainly [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io/) in combination with [Openshift Container Platform](https://www.openshift.com/) and other cloud based platforms are used for builds and deployments onto the Digipolis Service Factory.

See the [Jenkinsfile](./Jenkinsfile) to define the CICD pipiline. 

See the [openshift](./openshift/README.md) folder to define the Openshift configuration. 

## Issues ##
Log and track issues in our [Jira](https://digipolisgent.atlassian.net/)

### Architecture ###
*Insert Architecture Design here.*

## API Documentation ##
* [Digipolis API Guidelines](https://github.com/digipolisgent/api-guidelines)
* [Service Factory Confluence](https://digipolisgent.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SF/overview)
* [Developer Portal DV](https://developerdv.gent.be/)
* [Developer Portal DV](https://developerqa.gent.be/)
* [Developer Portal DV](https://developer.gent.be/)

## Documentation Version ##

Find the latest version of this template repository [here](https://github.com/digipolisgent/github_template_servicefactory) on Github. 

Version | Date | Description | Author
:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
0.1 | 2020/02/05 | Initial version | Digipolis
